1918 - Fixed busyindicator was getting javascript error (#1919)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

### v4.18.0 Fixes

- `[App Menu]` Fixed some accessibility issues on the nav menu. ([#1721](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1721))

> - `[Busy Indicator]` Fixed when use on body it was generating javascript error. ([#1918](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1918))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Busy Indicator]` Fixed a bug that causes a javascript error when the busy indicator is used on the body tag. ([#1918](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1918))
```
